Oh
hello so I'm in the car and I'm on my
way back to Cambridge and for my second
time looking forward to it guys packed
up I'm squished in the corner again but
you know he has just my life luckily
this time got no bin liners folding on
me so the car packing is much improved
this time round so at the minute we're
stuck forth at my grandparents house who
then see my grandma grand dad and my
aunty Karen which I'm very excited today
and then yeah breathe say hello
continue on to Cambridge I think my room
is available like three or something so
should be able to get in then unpack
stuff for me although I've tried to cut
down this time but we'll see
I'm very excited because I'm wearing my
new dog Martens they're quite love it or
hate it I got them with my birthday and
Christmas money or Touche now
that pink holographic very excited
although I've got really thick socks on
apparently like it to work mate or
something so hopefully with you I'm
gonna kill by the end of the day but we
shall see anyway yeah round it up very
excited to be going back so basically in
on Tuesday which is like a few days time
I've got mock exams for my modules
they're like quite short once that only
an hour each but I'm really nervous good
you all do well I've done I mean I've
been revising first off the whole the
date I didn't do that much revision the
second half like kicked in I've been
like non-stop revising go do a bit more
getting my own earth scientists
originally like lecture notes out and
like look over them and whatnot when I'm
at my grandparents house I think and
then I've got a few days when I'm back
at Cambridge to do that last-minute
revision get that in but now it has been
a good way of making sure like I've
consolidated everything from last term I
do feel a lot more confident
like the modules and the stuff we
covered laughter so that is good but
still
or it I think of course they go okay
okay so my dad's just using for the
first time this this oh my god
steering wheels like moving by itself is
this like park yourself thing feature I
do not trust it oh my lord Oh God
whirring that was quite stressful my
mum's impressed I'm just a bit so here
is the outcome automatic walk that's
quite impressive to be honest so well
now fully settled into my grandparents
house I'm sitting here with these lovely
notes we're currently reading about
earthquakes which is very interesting
I'm just going through and highlighting
reminding myself of key bits of info
here's my mother reading hello magazine
latest B's I'm just looking at a
wonderful William and Harry oh yeah my
mom loves the Royals big big fan big fan
yeah we're getting through it we're
getting through it which is good so my
biggest pet peeve of these last notes is
that they always like throw in these
words like oh yeah so there's sub power
of the sub parallel faults carps and you
like like come again you didn't I was
like what's a full Scott and like they
haven't told me what it is before expect
you to know these key terms and I'm like
well I don't understand what that is and
then if it doesn't make sense so you
have to revert to google be like what is
a fault scarp and google lets you know
but they could just like explain it you
can't just throw these words in and
expect us to know what they are you know
hello so as you may be able to see I am
back in my room feels good to be back
like back home again my bike was still
on the bike rack where I left it wasn't
stolen or anything it's a bit war I'm
leaving it for six weeks but it was
still there finally unpacked everything
my parents have now left yeah had a
disaster this evening I was like yeah
I'm gonna go car get food and then I was
like oh wait
Oh menus online and kapha wasn't open
and I was like well oh my god we're
gonna do is up going tap to buy some
food and I did a microwave meal I'm
really proud of myself like cooking but
now I am doing some more vision I really
want these mocks well so yeah wild world
first night back at uni doing revision
sad times but ya know it's nice to see
everyone again very nice yeah it's good
to be back so good morning it is the
next day and yeah yesterday a nice
evening catching up with everyone did
about 10 minutes or originally yes
actually know a little bit more than
that I did probably about an hour's
worth of revision and then I went down
to the gym to chat with people and catch
off after the holiday so that was nice
and yeah now doing a bit more vision
this morning it's I mean I've not
started that ugly as 10:15 but I'm
thinking I'm gonna get up so early in a
few days times I just wouldn't like you
know make the most of the Lions now yeah
so I've got a roaming outing today in
about 45 minutes and yeah I'm quite
excited I feel like I've forgotten how
to cook though so it will be interesting
it's like a pre term outing before like
any crews have been set or anything so
yeah you'll be good to like have a
little bit of a practice yeah I can't
wait it's gonna be good so yeah I've got
the thermals now around my thermal best
before I put my space jacket and jumpers
on and whatnot because um it's very very
cold out there it's supposed to be even
colder next week so
that'll be fine yeah no I think I'm
gonna go to the library after my outing
depending on how long we are T takes
belief in lunch at some point yeah I'm
thinking I'm gonna write a few well mini
essays earth essays in the library this
afternoon go over a bit of physics is
the plan because yeah I've pretty much
gone through all my lecture notes now I
mean I think we've spoken it off I've
got about half an hour before I need to
leave for my outing so I'm just gonna go
over the last few bits before I can
start writing essays later so bill is
going well
hi hi so I feel like old clips on the
book so far that's even me like sitting
in this exact position but it's because
I've just been revising the whole time
[Music]
so I am now in the library group study
room I'm now the last one standing this
evening it is its course 211 so actually
I mean I'm gonna work till about
midnight I think and then go to bed and
then do one last full day of revision
tomorrow before mocs yeah I'm just
finishing off a couple more earth essays
when I say essays they're they're mini
essays with like diagrams and they're
not proper essays any like English
student would be like you're not writing
essays you're writing a couple of pages
but yeah I'm gonna finish off a few of
those it's going over last bits cuz I
want to really go over all my other
subjects tomorrow but worried like I
just been I've just looked over a bit of
chemistry and I'm like oh my god I
forgotten all this when I revise it like
a week ago
sorry to refresh it or refresh the
chemistry refresh the physics refresh
the mouse tomorrow yeah we've got a day
to really consolidate everything it's
not the end of the day at the Mocs
don't go well I would like to do well
though I need to make sure I haven't
actually had in any of my holiday work
yet even though I have done it or just
haven't actually taking it down to the
porters Lodge and giving it in so I need
to do that tomorrow morning before I
miss any deadlines I forget about it so
I'm actually going to set a reminder on
my phone or something because knowing me
I will forget yeah I'm gonna carry on
doing this Earth Sciences crap as much
information as I can in my brain and we
shall see how it goes
so it is the next morning and I'm really
quite early for me like it's only ten
past nine isn't that great smash the
revision today should be good I'm gonna
go and hand in my supervision work watch
now and then head to the library I think
is the plan where I will stay for the
majority of the day with breaks for
lunch and whatnot so yeah we have a plan
let's execute it
hey hey hey I'm in my favorite position
yet again I should just been revising
all day nothing interesting at all
really great life but um yeah this
evening I am off to dance class hence
why I've got my hair and these were our
third orgy mini plats and my exercise
but ya know I think I've literally
forgotten how to ballroom dance so it's
gonna be interesting I think we've got
the competition coming up in a few weeks
time so I need to like remember it
before then but that should be fine
feeling I'm feeling okay about mocs
tomorrow morning it's gonna be good to
have them done with so then I can just
chill for a day before that just starts
so that's good cuz that's just don't
start til Thursday that the Cambridge
Week starts from the first day for some
random reason so yeah dance class it is
a bit more vision and then an early
night I'm thinking whether that will
happen who knows The OC
well so can we just appreciate this
daylight lamp I brought with me last
time yeah we've to pull out with these
little you can't really see but it's the
worst light desk light ever you cannot
see a thing I'll just straining my eyes
will turn so I bought lovely one of
these donut lamps and it's changed my
life like I
you don't mind studying at the moments
it's great
so yeah that and webbing bag which is
you I'm also loving ready that relaxing
time so yeah no it's been nice being
back I went to care for lunch today the
first times it's like the back because I
had had some unlucky things with
Katherine week like well I wanted to go
closed although apparently was open or
something and then when I didn't go
collect a little close it actually open
or something so you know already I'm
like a couple of days into town I've
already had a McDonald's but what can
you do so yeah this I've been rambling a
long left now so yeah couldn't go off to
dance class in a minute cycling he's my
boy client so the first nice it's going
back the weather is disgusting so
that'll be fun
but yeah so you can't even see me and I
just want to illustrate how ridiculous
it is that the streetlamp so there's
like one up there behind me and not like
horn at this time so I don't get my bike
and I kind of see I'm doing have to get
my torch light out it's such a pain
hello so I have just done my mock exams
they went terribly laughter and yeah
it's it's not it's not good
we're feeling a bit bit down about it
but we're just gonna forget about it
move on do hard work it's gonna be a
good term anyway
and everyone found them hard so that's
encouraging right
probably not as hard as I did but it
doesn't matter carry all the way back to
college with him why do you want to get
some dumbbells again so now I'm heading
back to college for an appointment with
my director of studies which is known as
a dose so it should be interesting
because naturally it will be interesting
because I've got to explain well I did
say this morning so that'll be really
fun
[Music]
there's way wrong hey hey hey I'm just
having some lovely breakfast
Rusty's it's the next day obviously and
yeah I've had a bit of an interesting
morning so I woke up you know had a lion
cuz my last chance to have a lion before
I've got like 690 Em's a week so I mean
the most of that anyway quite a lot of
going on outside my door cuz basically a
few days ago I like the title Madonna
was a massive wet patch on the floor
outside my door and I was like okay that
that's a bit weird but don't read like a
must built something anyway the next day
someone's like oh yeah the leak in the
ceiling and I looked up and it's
literally dripping down from the
ceilings as a permanent like wet patch
at so I'm a dog with seeming leaking I'm
on the top floor of my staircase and so
we called the maintenance people and
they came along this morning but this
was when I was still having my lion it
wasn't even that it was probably like
nine o'clock however that I was not our
bed at that point and there's a lot of
like bashing about and whether anyway I
was like I'm gonna shower so I'm gonna
shower and whatnot and halfway through
my shower they decide to turtle the
water and there was actually no more
water and yet there was literally
shaving foam everywhere I had to resort
to plastic water bottles so yeah it's
really quite interesting morning would
have appreciated a bit warning before
they tell me I don't know if it was
accidental or on purpose
so if everyone was affected I'd seen
anyone but really really anyway at least
what I mean that's still a damp patch on
the floor I still looks a bit I don't
know if they've heard them talking about
some sort of ultrasonic blah blah that
was causing yet so hopefully they've
identified the cause and I'm going to
make sure our ceiling doesn't collapse
or anything
so that is good today I'm going to have
a chilled day because last day to do so
before let's just start tomorrow morning
so I've got I've got to drop off my lab
report which I did over the holiday at
the physics department which is in West
Cambridge which is a bit of a cycle so
go cycle over there I think a few of us
are going so we'll do that and about an
hour's time I think and then yeah rest
the day I'm just got chill really great
I can't wait
the cycling skills promise you can't
stop where's the brakes on officer keep
do it
[Laughter]
any comments on technique weather not
bad so we have come on a lovely
Riverwalk because everyone wants to be
nice and relaxed before lectures start
tomorrow so why not it's a nice sunny
day
[Music]
hey sir I'm back from the walk and we
walked like about eight kilometers
according to our health out of things
you know and your phone we can see that
how many steps how five words and stuff
so wait gasps like that was a longer
walk than we were planning on so yeah
and it is actually freezing it's like
it's pretty because the sun is shining
but actually the wind and the way back
was so cold
so yeah this afternoon I might go and
cycle alongside of rowing outing so I
can kind of watch and kind of learn and
yeah I know I'll be able to watch a
senior Cox and see how they do it and
pick up tips and stuff so that will be
quite helpful I think so yeah I'm
debating let's do that I might because
it means going out in the cold again and
it is cold so we'll see we'll see decide
in a minute yeah I'm doing have any
weights do it the minute it's quite nice
oh my god you do not understand how cold
I am right now so I did go
it's like alongside this outings I could
you know get some sing tips and
whatnot and learn but it was freezing
honestly the wind is so cold ya know
it's dark outside look No yeah oh good
day
what time is that very hungry I only
think it's near season I have an order
lunch like I had Nutella raspberries on
toast for lunch
because we were I was like oh otherwise
engaged but uh okay it's new 10 past
5:00
so CAF opens up by 40 so I might go then
well there was talk of going to Nando's
but I'm not sure that's gonna happen or
not and I wonder where that bollocks you
were to walk always Nando
she's not sure about that it will go out
in the cold so I thinking calf might be
the best option
yeah very nice I'm gonna go and get nice
hot drink now to warm you up say I've
just finished my chemistry practical
click close to town she's seen what's
about to slip off yeah I mean I got this
morning I was like yeah my comment
happening today had a couple of lectures
caster practical it was Ashley cooks
it's a nice quick one which means it's
only three ten plus three and I'm going
so now I'm gonna go back to college you
see the posters quite a bit by the way I
couldn't show you the naps because you
know they're a bit touchy that you can
wear your lap there was the whole time
and whatnot but it's cause it's the
health and safety stuff so yeah now I'm
gonna go back and I might even start
some example sheet questions to get
ahead cuz I know the stress is gonna
kick in so you're gonna say yeah fun
times so I'm back at college I'm
currently sitting in on my laptop this
questionnaire
it's like a progress review because next
week a week I've got a meeting with my
tutorial advisor and they're gonna go
over like how it's like a review of the
year but doesn't really work I mean I've
only done a time I suppose but you've
got to feel it's honestly you don't
understand how long this questionnaire
is I was like yeah no I'll do it really
quickly
because it's gonna be done within five
working days of when your appointment is
cuz it's so long they're gonna have time
to go over it like but no there's all
these different sections how - Paul did
you find the workload associated with
your course is it just if it is
difficult to manage what would be done
to improve things just say a little bit
stressful first time but we're gonna
tell time by this time so in my
chemistry practical today you had to
make gold nanoparticles and we had to
just put our reaction mixture into this
round bottom flask and then reflux it
and we had some sort of hotplate stirrer
a thing to use anyway in this reaction
mixture was we had
to use distilled water and the distilled
water in the labs are liking these
little squeezy bottles now that does
around all that ugly to help yourself to
so I help myself to one like just normal
anyway got the end of it everyone else
is a very actually mixture a ton like
ready brownie purpley mine was like
clear colorless and I was like right
case something has gone extremely wrong
so I asked the demonstrator who is like
the person who looks after your group in
the lab and she was like yeah bad news
basically that means that though the
water used wasn't distilled and it was
just normal water and basically whoever
had filled up that distilled water
bottle I just put tap water in it rather
than distilled water which marked the
whole thing up it's had to do the whole
thing again so everyone else go off for
like they're lovely at lunch
lovely little lunch break and I was like
fab I mean the good news was is today it
was standard credit so you don't get
like cosmic distinction or tonight you
didn't have to what we didn't have to
write any experimental protocols out or
anything it was literally turn up do the
lab you get the marks sign the risk
assessment so it was quite good but yeah
what can you do you know start of time
isn't always gonna go smoothly but yeah
now I'm gonna get ahead with some work
so I just had my first chemistry C
provisional term it was yeah it was
quite good whatever some like things
cleared a few things that I didn't
understand it was just basically going
over the work we've been set for over
the holiday that we have to hand in a
few days ago
yeah I'd say all going smoothly so far
touchwood I have got a formal this
evening which I'm really pleased about
because you know I love formal I've got
a bit of an addiction to them it's a
boutique girls for this evening so I've
got a few lots people with nice people
going who are nice eh Darby excellent
and yeah that's it really that's so it's
Friday today it's this is concluding my
first week back uni I have got back into
the swing of it much quicker than I
thought I would like just over what a
week ago today I was thinking ah good
and going back to uni just I'm just not
used to now had six weeks off actually a
weekend and yeah I'm literally buzzing
for brunch tomorrow because I have
missed brunch so much over the holiday
say brunch Saturday morning brunch it's
gonna be great
of course we're gonna be going back to
those Saturday morning lectures so
that's gonna be fun
but yeah all that's going well so far so
yeah thank you for watching if you
enjoyed be sure to give it a like down
below and subscribe for more blogs I'll
be doing lots more looks of my time at
uni I'm hoping to do a few other videos
they'll have dinner around as well so
that's good yeah I'm having a great time
and I'm really pleased that I can be
like filming it and creating memories
bye